welcome to in world travels on your host
shin 23 today we're going surfing
virtual surfing is highly competitive in
fact the second life surf association
the sls a has over 3,000 members and an
in world ranking system that is truly
world class today we are traveling to
liquid shamans pro-am surf contest let's
fly over there and see what's going on
liquid shaman resort in second life is
known for its beautiful ocean views
underwater aqua room and store
windsurfing waterfall and the long sandy
beach you can also explore the marine
reef maze if you look closely you can
find hidden teleporters that beam you up
to utopia bliss and a cosmic skybox if
that Shack getting space in the cosmic
skybox a shack
watch out for maximus the great white
shark when exploring the reef pouch I'm
okay liquid shaman also has monthly
events you can visit the VR dance club
whoa i think that's dave grohl from the
Foo Fighters hanging out over there you
can also visit the high-tech fashion and
style catwalk to shoot a music video at
the rock show stage there's also live TV
talk shows going on here and a green
screen production studio right now
they're shooting celebrity club yes
today on club yes we have special
celebrity that you will love Matthew
McConaughey's Matthew in your latest
movie do you get to take your shirt off
then let me do that I do that quite a
bit today though liquid shaman is known
for waves big waves with sets coming in
over 20 feet you better know what you're
doing out there or wipeout pro and
amateur surfers are teleporting from all
over second-five getting ready for the
event there's dial ter owner of liquid
shopper giving last minute instructions
to the surfers there is a legend of surf
javis that lives at liquid shaman if she
rises from the waterfall then the waves
will be strong and fast look there she
is
wow we really got to see her that's
amazing I'm now flying to get a great
view of the contest let the liquid
shamans pro-am surf contest begin
who the surface crack the twos got
barreled did amazing cutbacks fearless
droppings and chronic aerials every
surfer Gabe is or her best but there has
to be a winner and she is Bobby lavall
team reef riders let's watch some of our
amazing ride that won it all to the
music of alien gecko
well the contest is over and the surfers
are all going hard but don't forget to
visit the liquid shaman resort for your
free new technology frame with one hour
of nature and music that place separate
from your land stream I have the
four-part series in my home right now
and I love it well that's all for today
I'm Shen 23 saying see you next time on
in World Travel we're scheduled an
information go to liquid shaman calm